4 million years if the strength of the elements combined to make
from his ashes
excellent therapy in thuringia
become the most important treasure to protect the world
millions of different animals elected home in this beautiful region
fertile
a species predominates however
a million and a half jobs I play a decisive role on their
environment
Appearing and unsightly, they are nicknamed the clowns of the plains of Africa
are we forgetting strings that these are animals made of the assembly of
several sources
perpetually as gift and grassland
they are admirably gifted to lead their migratory existence
in their immediate surroundings, there are many impressive
herbivorous
all that is satisfactorily satisfied with the variety of vegetation
everyone in search of the food that suits him best
some think more than a third of their lives eating
we are lucky to live in a cornucopia